# Telegram Bot in Python

This is a simple Telegram bot programmed in Python that you can use as a starting point to develop your own custom functions and features. The bot utilizes the python-telegram-bot library to interact with the Telegram API.

## Requirements
Make sure to have the python-telegram-bot library installed before running the bot. You can install it using the following command:

```bash
pip install pyTelegramBotAPI==4.14.0
pip install keyring==24.3.0
```
## Configuration
Create a new bot on Telegram by chatting with @BotFather.

Copy the token generated by BotFather.

Create a file named credentials.py and add the bot token as follows:

```python
import keyring

keyring.set_password("BOT_TOKEN", "your_username", "your_bot_token")
keyring.set_password("BOT_USERNAME", "your_username", "your_bot_username")
```
Execute the credentials.py file

```bash
python credentials.py
```

## Execution

Run the main.py file to start the bot:

```bash
python main.py
```

Your bot should be online and ready to respond!

## Features
The bot currently has the following basic functionalities:

* Command /start: Greets the user when starting a conversation with the bot.

* Command /help: Provides information about the available commands.

* Text message handling: The bot responds to any text message with a friendly greeting.

* Unknown command handling: If the user sends an unknown command, the bot responds with an informative message.

## Contributions
Feel free to contribute to the development of this bot! You can add new features, improve existing code, or report issues by opening an issue in the repository.

## License
This project is under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

Enjoy programming your Telegram bot in Python. Have fun developing!